pos mr => func
pos ppos mr => func
lemma => func
pos plemma => func
afun mr => func
afun plemma => func
plemma func => func
lemma afun => func
cas plemma => func
afun spos => func
mr => func
lemma func => func
plemma mr => func
spos => func
cas pspos => func
lemma ch => func
lemma plemma => func
afun ch => func
afun cas func => func
lemma cas => func
afun cas => func
lemma mr => func
pos cas func => func
lemma ppos => func
afun pafun mr => func
spos ppos => func
ppos func => func
afun pos ppos => func
afun plemma mr => func
cas plemma pch => func
pos pspos mr => func
pafun mr func => func
cas ch plemma => func
pos plemma func => func
afun cas ppos => func
pos func => func
pos plemma pch => func
lemma pafun => func
mr func => func
lemma pch => func
pch mr func => func
ppos mr => func
spos plemma => func
afun pspos mr => func
ch func => func
afun plemma pafun => func
afun pos plemma => func
pos ppos => func
pos ch plemma => func
afun cas plemma => func
afun pos func => func
lemma afun pafun => func
pos ppos func => func
afun spos ch => func
pos plemma pafun => func
afun ppos mr => func
afun plemma pspos => func
cas func => func
afun ch mr => func
afun ch plemma => func
ch mr => func
lemma afun ch => func
pos plemma mr => func
afun ppos => func
lemma afun mr => func
lemma afun pch => func
lemma pspos => func
lemma cas ppos => func
cas ch func => func
lemma cas pch => func
ch plemma => func
lemma afun cas => func
pafun mr => func
lemma afun func => func
cas plemma pafun => func
lemma spos => func
afun pch mr => func
plemma pch func => func
lemma afun pspos => func
lemma ch pch => func
afun plemma pch => func
pos cas plemma => func
pspos func => func
lemma afun ppos => func
ppos pch func => func
pos pafun func => func
ch plemma func => func
spos func => func
cas plemma func => func
plemma pafun mr => func
lemma ch mr => func
lemma ch pafun => func
lemma pch func => func
lemma cas ch => func
lemma cas func => func
lemma pafun pch => func
plemma pch mr => func
lemma pch mr => func
pafun pch func => func
plemma mr func => func
spos mr => func
lemma afun plemma => func
pafun pspos mr => func
lemma ch func => func
afun pos => func
lemma plemma mr => func
afun pvoi func => func
spos ppos func => func
afun spos func => func
lemma ch plemma => func
cas pch func => func
ch plemma pafun => func
lemma plemma pch => func
ch plemma mr => func
lemma cas pspos => func
lemma pspos pch => func
lemma pafun mr => func
afun cas pspos => func
pspos mr => func
lemma pvoi => func
pch mr => func
cas pafun func => func
pos plemma pspos => func
ch pspos mr => func
afun spos pspos => func
afun cas pafun => func
ppos mr func => func
afun pafun => func
pafun ppos func => func
pafun pch mr => func
afun pos pspos => func
ch pch mr => func
spos ch plemma => func
cas pafun => func
plemma pafun func => func
afun pch func => func
lemma pafun ppos => func
ch pafun mr => func
